c:\users\alumina\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebSocketTest\WebSocketTest\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\alumina\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebSocketTest\WebSocketTest\bin\Debug\WebSocketTest.exe.config
c:\users\alumina\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebSocketTest\WebSocketTest\bin\Debug\WebSocketTest.exe
c:\users\alumina\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebSocketTest\WebSocketTest\bin\Debug\WebSocketTest.pdb
c:\users\alumina\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebSocketTest\WebSocketTest\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
c:\users\alumina\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebSocketTest\WebSocketTest\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\alumina\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebSocketTest\WebSocketTest\bin\Debug\SuperSocket.Common.dll
c:\users\alumina\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebSocketTest\WebSocketTest\bin\Debug\SuperSocket.SocketBase.dll
c:\users\alumina\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebSocketTest\WebSocketTest\bin\Debug\SuperWebSocket.dll
c:\users\alumina\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebSocketTest\WebSocketTest\obj\x86\Debug\WebSocketTest.exe
c:\users\alumina\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebSocketTest\WebSocketTest\obj\x86\Debug\WebSocketTest.pdb
c:\users\alumina\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebSocketTest\WebSocketTest\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
c:\users\alumina\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebSocketTest\WebSocketTest\bin\Debug\SuperSocket.SocketEngine.dll
C:\Users\BreakingJobs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WebSocketTest\WebSocketTest\bin\Debug\WebSocketTest.exe.config
C:\Users\BreakingJobs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WebSocketTest\WebSocketTest\obj\x86\Debug\WebSocketTest.exe
C:\Users\BreakingJobs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WebSocketTest\WebSocketTest\obj\x86\Debug\WebSocketTest.pdb
C:\Users\BreakingJobs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WebSocketTest\WebSocketTest\bin\Debug\WebSocketTest.exe
C:\Users\BreakingJobs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WebSocketTest\WebSocketTest\bin\Debug\WebSocketTest.pdb
C:\Users\BreakingJobs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WebSocketTest\WebSocketTest\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
C:\Users\BreakingJobs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WebSocketTest\WebSocketTest\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\BreakingJobs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WebSocketTest\WebSocketTest\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
C:\Users\BreakingJobs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WebSocketTest\WebSocketTest\bin\Debug\SuperSocket.Common.dll
C:\Users\BreakingJobs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WebSocketTest\WebSocketTest\bin\Debug\SuperSocket.SocketBase.dll
C:\Users\BreakingJobs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WebSocketTest\WebSocketTest\bin\Debug\SuperSocket.SocketEngine.dll
C:\Users\BreakingJobs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WebSocketTest\WebSocketTest\bin\Debug\SuperWebSocket.dll
C:\Users\BreakingJobs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WebSocketTest\WebSocketTest\obj\x86\Debug\WebSocketTest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
